Add new keyboard - TouhouPad (#13915)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/pimentoso/touhoupad/readme.md

# TouhouPad

> ![TouhouPad](https://imgur.com/a/jcuEr8q)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![TouhouPad](https://i.imgur.com/JeEqeEs.png)
```

A 10 key gamepad specifically for playing Touhou danmaku games.

You can find building instructions and gerber files to print the circuit board on the [project page.](https://github.com/Pimentoso/TouhouPad_v2)

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Michele Ferri](https://github.com/Pimentoso)
* Hardware Supported: Paddino02 PCB rev1, rev2 + Arduino Pro Micro
* Hardware Availability: the PCB is open source and can be freely printed at websites such as [JLCPCB](https://jlcpcb.com/)

> ### To flash (after setting up your build environment):
> 
> `make pimentoso/paddino02/rev2/right:default:flash`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make pimentoso/touhoupad:default
```
